Concepts 3
Problems 100
U Levels 4
Max P Concepts 2
Make training exam.
Students takes training exam.
Seed Baseline Solver...done.
Seed Bayse Solver...Make trial exam.
Baseline, Bayes, Student, Clone
false, false, true, false
true, true, false, true
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
true, true, false, true
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, false, true
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, true
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, false
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
true, true, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, true
true, true, false, false
false, false, true, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, true
false, false, false, true
true, true, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
true, true, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, true, false
false, false, false, false
false, false, false, true
false, false, false, false
Totals
82, 82, 75, 68
# student answered wrong:	 75	75.0%
# base line correctly predicted: 82	82.0%
# bayes correctly predicted: 	 82	82.0%
# clone the same:	 	 68	68.0%
